Supervisor meeting 25/2 13:02

Attendies:

Kristian V
Kristian O
Jonas
Jeppe

Tung

Location: Meeting was held in group room

We changed supervisor but nothing important was lost since the meeting was short and we still didnt know what we were going to do.

We explain the data that is availeble to us regarding outlier detection.
The data is allready computed on, but it should still be possible to make outlier detection.

The current data is without outlier labels so comparing our result without ”gound Truth” is impossible.

Tung suggest we could use different dataset that is not changed allready he got one on ebay once, and hearustics could be used to create ”inital” outlier data. 

Ebay ”expert” have rules for finding the ”intial” outliers for comparison, like cpu heat above threashold. 

Bin yang should be consulted regarding what data to use wether it is feaseable without labels on the data set. 

We should send Tung an email soon in regards to expectations of various things (Want it in writing?)

Prediction is also a possibility.

The person from biologi set all error rates are pretty much acceptable, Tung said that error rates are pretty meaningless in this regards becuase it depends on the dataset.


Positive relation between bactieries mean that if Bactieria A increase in amount Bactieria B also increase in amount. We want out predition to include the effects of other bacterias somehow. 

How to we cluster the same species of bacteria we cluster bacteria from the same family to make it faster but still keep origial labels, create cluster based on machine learning under the assumption that the same family of bacteria have psotove correlation.

Tung want us to define our working style in the group first, Tung is willing to push us if we want. 
Our ambition will be a point in the final evaluation of the project and he is willing to be flexible.

Tung ask what sprint one was about. Kristian tells that is is just exploration of the current state of aSTEP. Tung stress that it is not only a group project but we must have a section about working together with some other group. 

We might provide an API to other groups to help other groups improve their data sets also in path groups. 

Tung will want to see the formal report maybe at the end of the sprint, but not for every meeting.

We dont have a lot of other things going on right now. We are little behind.